hi my name's Noah in case you didn't
know uh I've been homeschooled all my
life no I haven't talked in a video in a
while because Merlin's blog anyway I'm
not here to tell you that homeschooling
is better than public school and I'm not
here to tell you that public schooling
is better than homeschooling it's
someone's opinion and I respect that I
mean haven't you heard the term don't
judge a book by it's cover well of
course you haven't if you're a public
school or you don't read oh come on no
public schools are stupid really
let me flashing back to the other week
you oh whatever
now people have all these assumptions
for home schooling and public schooling
but when the truth comes out are they
similar are they different let's find
out
hey that's all right here
KTU my buddy this before bedtime
I'm in love I've been dating a girl for
two days now
longest relationship in my school my
thesis promotes the fact that I'm a
little harsh beautiful cheese who ever
once there's one girl I've chosen to
court with or one promises she's my
sister let me try
mom your TV's Letty 98% today we study
in space in space
90% again really really what you read in
um Percy Jackson oh cool
one at your desk - at your desk three at
your desk
one on your bed - in the bathroom
what do you mean have to take my pants
off
yes I'm alright do we three in your
pajamas yes yes yes we did in 5.2
seconds yes
what's up man wanna go jump off a bridge
would be best friends
Yolo
hey should I talk to him no I need
friends but I don't but it just doesn't
like me would be thinks I'm weird I need
to make friends I need you I'm gonna
talk to him oh well he's gone yes
I mean talk to him okay maybe some of
these things aren't true but this is how
home schoolers look to public school
errs and this is how public school is
look to home schoolers okay remember we
actor that some of these things are true
but hey people there's something called
sarcasm learn it or walk doodle adhere
look you can be smart and go to public
school and you can be dumb and be
homeschooled
well I feel something depth right now
I'm gonna cry don't commit suicide it's
bad for your health
taking advil vine right anyways it
doesn't matter what schooling you do cuz
you could be anything you want to if you
work hard the point isn't to make fun of
any type of school my point is my point
I guess this video didn't really have a
point yes there is I'm going at it right
now but I didn't even upload the video
yet
oh I built the time machine and went to
the future how you're not smart enough
to do that you're not even homeschooled
yes I am oh I can know that I'm
homeschooled
why didn't I think of that well weren't
you just saying that you could be
homeschooled and still be dumb oh yeah
there was Hey